"Project Subdirectories" to "Package Subdirectories" (#3088)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/packages.md

> #### Package subdirectories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Configure subdirectory for packaged projects
```

<Changelog>

* `v0.20.0`: Introduced the ability to specify `subdirectory`

</Changelog>

> In general, dbt expects `dbt_project.yml` to be located as a top-level file in a package. If the package is instead nested in a subdirectory—perhaps within a much larger monorepo—you can optionally specify the folder path as `subdirectory`. dbt will attempt a [sparse checkout](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-sparse-checkout) of just the files located within that subdirectory. Note that you must be using a recent version of `git` (`>=2.26.0`).

Reviewer: taking @saraleon1 's technical sugg and clarifying that a package is actually just a dbt project 

```suggestion
In general, dbt expects `dbt_project.yml` to be located as a top-level file in a package. If the packaged project is instead nested in a subdirectory—perhaps within a much larger mono repo—you can optionally specify the folder path as `subdirectory`. dbt will attempt a [sparse checkout](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-sparse-checkout) of just the files located within that subdirectory. Note that you must be using a recent version of `git` (`>=2.26.0`).
```
